hi guys it's garlic and I'm pre filming
a ton of videos today so you may have
already seen me in this outfit and then
this makeup and my dog Frankie in the
background this is me so cute today the
video I'm doing is from the title
obviously is what I brought to my dad's
house I'm at my dad's house right now so
you know I'm not an unusual setup but
this also doubles as the guest room and
my room and my sister's room so it's
kind of like a bland boring room but
we're decorating it soon so yeah I
brought you know my makeup bag I didn't
bring a lot but there's actually a lot
in there just doesn't look like a lot so
I really hope you like this lighting I
think it's so pretty this is just the
open window and it's just raining
outside but I just thought I'd be so
pretty and I don't have my usual tripod
so you guys are balancing on a ton of
movies my makeup cases with a free gift
from Betsey Johnson it's really really
bright but I love it so much
so let's just get into this you can just
see how I put all that stuff in there I
don't keep my brushes in here I keep
them in a different thing but I don't
need to show you that first thing I
brought was a Stila lip glaze I'm
actually wearing this over Mac Angel
today and this is in the color blush or
c2 rot is my powder foundation and this
is powder FX in the color 820 so you can
see that there and it's just it has a
mirror but just a regular powder
foundation that matches me pretty well
the next thing I brought is my favorite
favorite palette of all time it's a
koala actually this is the Sephora color
palette and they actually discontinued
these and I'm like really excited about
it but mine's like it's broken cuz it
doesn't I dropped it in the class broke
off but has these really pretty four
colors which you've seen before and this
is the color chromazone x and x ten I
don't even know how you say that but you
can see that they're just these really
pretty colors and this is like my first
makeup thing that actually bought I
think I brought is my sumptuous mascara
from Estee Lauder I actually bought this
yesterday I don't know if it really
counts is bringing it but this is the
MAC eyeshadow in the color track
this is actually a velvet eyeshadow and
it's a very light brown II purple with
gold flakes in it so pretty the next
thing I brought was my Maybelline eye
studio quad and give me gold you guys
saw this in my haul and I'm loving this
right now I actually use the white the
lightest color more than anything I have
this on the ball of my eye just to give
my eyes a pop it's actually my highlight
and my inner corner I can't really open
it right now but that's the color that
I'm wearing today and just has those
really pretty I might be doing the
tutorial just using that so if you guys
want that let me know the next thing I
have is my ELF blush and the natural
blusher and innocence see the labels
coming off but I usually wear this every
day
oops it's like it's starting to break
home knowing is that I mean that's what
you got it's a $1 product and it's
pretty good actually and it just gives
me this really light color because I'm
so fair that any blush would just I
would look sunburned
so this just gives me a really nice
natural color the next thing I have is a
sample this is my hundred point part
crumbs it's from Sephora I'm actually at
200 points within that yesterday I
redeemed it for this and it's just so
now I'm backed like 100 points but um
makeup Forever's professional HD high
definition blush
and there's any weight have the color on
it but it's this really really bright
blush and at first when I try this on I
was like oh my god I just like just
rending that for nothing like I'm never
gonna wear this but I realize if I just
apply the tiniest drop you can get this
really nice glow and that's what I'm
wearing today and I just have our own a
regular which we call its sharpener it's
my all that glitters I shadow so yeah
having my dream mousse concealer in the
color light
oh it's ivory light I just got a new one
of this it's not my favorite but it is
really really good next thing I have is
my sample which Sephora Aspen's
something next thing I have is another
support eyeshadow and this isn't the
color disco fever number 4 it's a
sparkly grey it's really sure next thing
I brought is another Sephora ultra gloss
brilliance in the color 18 this just
gives my lips like a really
sort of shimmer doesn't obviously turn
the Moy otherwise I would not be wearing
it the next thing that I brought this
video is getting so long is my MAC
lipstick in the color angel is a frost
it's actually what I'm wearing today I
am wearing these two together but it's
just this really really pretty color and
you guys saw this in my haul I first Mac
lipstick definitely get it more the next
thing I have is an unknown this is like
a total unknown um
the label chipped off I've had this for
over a year now it's definitely my
favorite favorite of all time and I'm
running out as you can see it's like at
its last leg but I really love it it's
definitely one of my favorites even
though it's I don't even know what it's
calling the end of my makeup my
toiletries bag which is just kind of
overflowing right now cuz I didn't put
it back in neatly the next thing I
brought just toothpaste this is Tom's
toothbrush gotta have a toothbrush
couple nail polishes that I was doing my
nails because of the holiday season you
can see that now they're kind of getting
chipped but it's just pretty red on top
it's this sinful colors call you later
green so you can see that really holiday
festive I just brought some nail polish
and then I have my pure ology essential
hair players split and correcting I got
this revolta I will do a video on my
hair care routine but I just put this in
the ends of my hair that's like amazing
I swear by it okay sorry he just jumped
off my bed the next thing is the vanilla
bean Noel body spray I love this I'm
gonna spray this I've got my my eyelash
curler it's a hot pink line I got from
freshman month the Garnier Nutrisse
kendra new anti puff eye roller I've
used this for my under eye circles it's
amazing I really recommend it I've got
my cleaning chloro dual action
moisturizer I really dry skin and this
helps me so much the next thing I have
is my Aussie hair insurance leave-in
conditioner for not so healthy hair
which is mine and you just spray this in
while it's damp and just run it through
and it's amazing so I use these two
video coming soon
Hamas's that's so requested thing is I
have to clean this brush out but it is
my brush just a clown airbrush yep
and then my secret deodorant fresh
effects cucumber aloe invisible solid
stuff smells amazing I also forgot to
talk about this this is my liquid
foundation I don't usually wear this but
if I need like extra coverage like on
Christmas we're gonna be taking a lot of
pictures this is my covergirl clean
sensitive skin and classic ivory the
next thing I brought is my vanilla bean
Noel pocket back and from Bath & Body
Works
hand sanitizer the next thing I brought
is my way my Neutrogena wave I use this
for washing my face obviously it's so
amazing I love it so much I really
recommend it for people for you know
kind of struggling with their acne I
mean I'm not struggling with it but it
just gets my skin really smooth
I also brought the pads for these I love
those in my bathroom so yeah that was
what I brought to my dad's house oh boy
thank you guys so much for watching and
I'll see you guys in my next big